cha-cha is three cups of tea cha-cha-cha
the Church of chaste and saw four and
one three no four and well a new day one
would be a mega learning curve
we were trying some new steps trying to
figure out what Paul can do and what we
can do so I can put it in a routine
really not sure where I'll get this hip
wiggling lock off at all - although Ola
is going faster faster faster
my body is saying Paul would struggle a
lot with the fasteners with that with
the first step
she's praying for another partner
the finished work for today but Paul has
to go back home and practice at home
instead listening to the music and all
the steps are talking today so he's got
quite a lot of homework I'm just gonna
do my very best father even tonight when
I go home I will be going over this over
and over and over in my head